[tooling] Automatic release artefacts: Base script helper & config (#1493)
interuss/dss: release/README.md

This folder contains script helpers, deployment configurations, and test configurations to be run on DSS images for each release.
Scripts are not expected to be robust; in case of an error, manual intervention will be needed. They are only intended to assist someone with sufficient technical knowledge.

Credentials to access clusters are not included.

Scripts will erase existing personal configurations or workspaces named `release-aws-dss-ybdb`, `release-aws-dss-crdb`, `release-google-dss-ybdb`, or `release-google-dss-crdb`.

Certificates are always regenerated from scratch.

### Release Process

#### 1. Configure environment variables:
* `export IMAGE=docker.io/interuss/dss:v0.22.0`
* `export ZONE_ID=(AWS zone id)`
* `export GOOGLE_PROJECT_NAME=(google project name)`
* `export ZONE_NAME=(google zone name)`
* `export AWS_PROFILE=...` (if needed)

#### Deploy clusters:

> * `./release/scripts/spawn-clusters.sh`

Reviewer: Replace with TODO until the script is in the repository.
Same for others below

Author: I added a todo in titles and kept file names as a global view.

Also note that the idea of the PR chain is to be merged together (or in a very short period of time). Deploying a cluster without an (merged) option to delete them is not great.

#### Configure clusters:
* `./release/scripts/configure-clusters.sh`

####  Deploy services:
* `./release/scripts/deploy-services.sh`

#### Run tests:
* `./release/scripts/run-tests.sh`

#### Compile results:
* `./release/scripts/compile-results.sh`

> Builded zip will be available in `release/output`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zip archive containing results will be available in `release/output`.
```
